very good how are you dear
Lovers of the heart Here we are eh to
comment on the latest news the latest
news we have on the visits of His
Majesty well His Majesty would not be no the
emeritus king would be His Majesty he should be
called It's that today I am accompanied
I am here with my chat he should be
called His Majesty Juan Carlos no no no no
yes he should be called His Majesty
also Juan Carlos the emeritus king is
also called His Majesty Yes okay
Well I thought no look you are no longer
King because I'm going to tell you
His Majesty not much Gaspar and Balthazar
exclusive images of the emeritus King
Enjoy a 19-course tasting dinner
and 180 I'm going to see this news that
really catches my attention No because I do
n't know how someone is capable of eating
19 courses and you have all the
details
tell us Yes colleagues Very good
afternoon indeed the first outing
of the emeritus from the house of Pedro Campos has
not been
eh because they had set Why had they
set the king  Toy
Story music this morning to go to training
but last night we received
information at around 9 at night
that placed the emeritus king in a
restaurant in the og grob area where he was
heading to have an intimate dinner and so
well the team as in
life eh we went there and
effectively we
managed to speak exclusively with Don
Juan
Carlos
seriously seriously but he won't have answered we have
all the images and also something
typical of Don Juan Carlos he added humor
as Cesar likes it that I read his
interview p humor I'm very sorry I was
wrong it won't happen again Well
if you want let's see the image and
let's see the humor that Don
Juan Carlos has with me watch out eh not the
same one that Cesar has with me of course Come on
watch the emeritus with Avilé
eh the emeritus king arrived this Monday in
San xeno since then we have been
three days without seeing him no trace of Don
Juan Carlos until last night How is he
feeling how happy is he to be
here the emeritus goes to the window the
emeritus leaves Pedro's house  Campos it's
9 at night no no you're not going to the
window you're not going to the window Say hello
to the press Where are you going at this
hour pay attention because we know your
destination and only we have the
exclusive images after 20 minutes of
driving Don Juan Carlos arrives
at this point it is the culled Pau a
Michelin star restaurant very
frequented by very good looking
royalty inside the car
Pedro Campos and his wife Cristina
France come out first finally we see Don Juan
Carlos Don Juan Carlos Good
evening How are you Very
well man how is José Antonio but
let's see but how what But how What
man how is José
Antonio Do you know each other or do you think you
met somewhere else or is the king
swallowing the
gossip Hey hey hey I also tell you
eh when we least expected it
in the in the I
already have coffee with Abil Ah yes
when when we least expected it
Jorge Javier took it and said to me in the middle of
a live Look are you Javi Oliveira do you
remember not in a Chinese tale Rosito
when he saw me Look who it is Look who it is what is he
doing here no  can you imagine if I
meet the prince I always call the
king uncle prince can you imagine if I
meet Felipe VI and he says to me wimp I don't
think so no let's go it would be a
huge blow that I would have smoked that day we did
n't want to talk to you about
regattas Likewise the emeritus gives us
a smile and continues talking to
us how the regatta week is going to be
we are going to stay at
the door to find out what happens
tonight and boy do we know Don Juan
Carlos spends 2 and a half hours inside the
restaurant This is the tasting menu that he
enjoyed accompanied by his
closest circle It consists of 19
dishes and has a price of 180 per
person 180 per person those
little ones 180 per person those little ones
with how well they eat at José Luis
Marcela Marcela popoca has given away five
members is that we are already forgetting
that today we had a challenge today we had a
challenge in which
each person had to give away five
members we had agreed that everything that is
we have forgotten we have
forgot Thank you very much thank you We
had forgotten that we
were doing the challenge today man of
the five members per
person how fine the colleague has been
these days well let's see he has been
fine but of a small plate of shrimp not past
12 at night Don Juan Carlos leaves
the restaurant There is our
royal reporter and almost
Don Juanlos very good evening how was
dinner tomorrow we leave good
luck in the regatta finally
the emeritus enters the car in the same
vehicle goes Pedro Campos Cristina
France and pay attention the person who
gets in the back is the
Infanta
Elena the Infanta Elena has also gone to eat that
in Galicia aper well let's see
JJ don't get carried away I thought it was
very funny that there is an influencer now
Well I don't know if it is an influencer I don't know what it is it is
not called jados it is not a guy who has
become now like very famous because of
controversies and so on not on the internet and they
were
criticizing me for having a lot of money and so on
no and they were
how are you Thank you very much for those five
members of aroha also eh now let
's review to see how many  members have
given But I think there have been a lot I think there have been
a lot Thanks to
all of you who are giving your
five members
and who were criticizing this guy
for being a millionaire and eating at
McDonald's and it's like I thought I say yes
if I were a millionaire at some point
in my
life If I were a millionaire at some
point in my life I would also eat at
the Madonna many times or so I mean yes I already
like it a lot in itself to get on your
diet to get on your diet of course that
La Movida that also accompanied his
father on this evening with Pau's guinea pig being
his first
meeting point well well well
a nice video a
nice video the truth is I don't know I liked it
a nice video in bed you lasted a
long time H you lasted until 12 at
night how did you make it work
so much Well let's see it wasn't easy at all eh
Because it was also something very discreet of
the guards they burn a lot yes let's see it's not that I have
done a lot of Guard or anything like that I
'm not a journalist I'm not a
papari but it's true that I have
gone with my  mic out there at some
point And yes it's true that man it
's heavy look at you that I've been gone
twice and it's heavy eh the times that
we've gone out on the street and waited you do
n't know when the famous
no that you're waiting no and wait and
wait and wait to get this out you know
in the end what these are 40
second videos but it's a nice video no
because in the end Hey it's not like you're
there hey Your Majesty no but Hey look
the king dedicates a few words to you
answers you and such and what a great menu that
the guy ate not things as they are
Javi you broke the diet with a
little dog and Mr. JJ punished me and
the Lord punished me for breaking it
Okay family I'm going to be reading
your comments okay on this
topic and I liked the video